was the most frustrating or oh lord i'll tell you uh
probably quite frankly the most frustrating time
for me was and and it's worked it worked out fine six
months afterwards but worth nellin and i had lots
of differences of opinion
uh my you know i have uh I submitted a proposal, a Sea
Grant research proposal to him, or to the Sea Grant
program, and he was looking at my publications.
And this was about the time that I was coming up for
tenure, too, although I didn't really think very
much about it. I didn't feel pressure about tenure
and that sort of thing. If I got it, I was going to get
it. If I didn't, I didn't. But Worth and Allen
called me on the phone one day and he said, I was
looking at your CV. Most of your publications are
not more than five or ten pages in length. Is that
usual in your area?
And I said, well, they're refereed and, yeah. He
said, I guess they're refereed, but said, five or
ten badges just aren't very many. That doesn't
seem to me like that would have very much material
in it, very much science in it. And he really, you
know, he's really browbeating me over that. And I
finally, I happen to have a copy of science on my, on
my desk at the time, and I told him that Watson and
Crick had a, I saw a publication of Watson and Crick
in Science, and I believe it was three pages long.
He said, well, I'm just going to have to think about
this project. He said, you guys have been floating
this research in veterinary medicine for a long
time, and I'm just going to have to see if I want to
support this anymore. Then he hung up, and I was
really worried about that. I had my salary. on
that, but it was salary, you know, if I didn't get
the project, I would still be paid. But I didn't
know that. I was naive. I didn't know that my salary
was covered, whether I got that money or not. That
was kind of a difficult time. But throughout all of
them, throughout every instance where I had
anxieties, Leland and the people supported me.
All right, and to whom do you feel, what senior
people do, can be administrators or colleagues,
to what senior people do you feel now looking back,
do you feel the most gratitude? Oh, Leland
Grumbles. Leland Grumbles. Any others? Oh, yes.
Well, several people. One person who was here for a
short period of time, only a short period of time, I
think he got fired, Bob Abel. That's A-B-E-L,
isn't it? I believe that's right. And Perry
Atkinson was a good friend. Now, he was a
controversial person. Neville Clark was a good
friend. If I had to rank them, you know, I'm not sure
how I would rank them. Neville Clark is,
he has really been a good friend. And of the deans,
which ones would you put in the highest category?
I'd put Al Price higher, I surely would. George
Shelton was a nice guy, one that was supportive and
would relate to. Shattuck, I was always
suspicious of. I didn't have any major problems
with him, but
He was,
me personally, I didn't have any problems with
him, but a lot of people did. And a lot of people
weren't unhappy to see him go. What's the general
sentiment about Richard Adams as dean? About like
they are for shouting.
Let's see.
You got near the end. For you and family, what kind
of social activities did the Veterinary Medicine
faculty have through the years? That's a strange
one. See, we were kind of unique. And there used to
be this Veterinary Wives program. And of course, I
wasn't a veterinarian. And on a few of the first
meetings, that point was made very clear that
whether they tried to vote whether they were going
to have Carol involved in those since I wasn't a
veterinarian. Well, I'm not sure they knew that
you were. They were just saying, you know,
non-veterinary. Well, that may be. That may be.
But they were saying something to it. But one
faculty member said, I don't think we're just
going to have coffee and we're going to enjoy each
other's fellowship. This business of veterinary
faculty shouldn't, veterinary or
non-veterinary shouldn't make any difference.
And so that's, I think that's the way that it is. But
No, we really... Were there family
get-togethers? Oh, there were family
get-togethers. There's a story on this, too. I
don't know whether Donald would want me to repeat
this or not. Probably not. But I'm going to do it
anyway. We always had at least an annual picnic.
And it was usually in one of the parks around here.
in the college park over there. I don't know the
name of it now, but anyway, we were all meeting
there, and Donald had just kind of become a toilet
dream. Hmm? No, it's John. One of them, anyway. And
so he was so proud of the fact that he could urinate
without having to, you know, having to have a
diaper or anything. So I was visiting with Al
Price, And he came up there and showed that he was
able to urinate without having to have his diaper
changed. And so he just pulled it out and peed right
there. And during these 30 years, have the social
activities of veterinary faculty, families,
Continued? No. That's what I was fearful the
answer would be. No. There are a few of them who
still get together. But there's nothing in
general. Well, it's become such a large faculty.
In fact, many of the faculty, I mean, I don't even
know all the people that are faculty there now. And
who have been your family's closest veterinary
friends? Our families' closets better? Well, for
you. I'm talking about you and... Me and Carol.
Yeah. In general, okay. Well, there's one group
that we little leagued with. I mean, the Brattons
and the...
I'm sure I'm leasing tonight, but the Adams. We did
sport things together with, and then there's Uh,
there are very few. I didn't do but wives very much.
I'm not the, much of the, I'm not very supportive.
And then you had, uh, uh, you know, we had some, uh,
in the area, neighborhood. Mm-hmm. We did. And
then you've had some people who were very
supportive, particularly when you had the
accident. Oh, yeah. And, and when we, I tell you,
when, I don't know if y'all were here when, when we
lost a child or not. No, I don't think so. But boy, we
lost one child in 1970. And boy, the support of the
church and the veterinary faculty, I mean, that
was just really something.
I think everything now is less personal than it
used to be. Oh, definitely. At every institution
and so forth. It's definitely that way out there.
Well, let's see. I'm near the end. What topics have
we not touched that we should have? Can you think of
anything that we should have included? There's
probably one anecdote I should give you. Oh,
please do. Ian Desard was going to be the new
department head, and so he came over to visit us.
And at that time, we had an aquarium up there, and we
had a cat.
that we didn't know, but it had some neurologic
problems. We didn't know it at the time. And so we'd
invited Ian and his wife to come over and we were
having
coffee and so forth over there in that area. We had a
different booth. And here the new department head
was coming in and we were supposed to be kind of
entertaining them. and this cat hops up there to
the thing sees the fish swimming in there reaches
in to get the to get the fish first hops up on the
aquarium and then reaches in to get the fish and
wasn't wasn't sufficiently coordinated and fell
in the aquarium
we're talking about what a 50 gallon yeah and there
was in in and And they looked at that and, you know,
then we all just laughed about that. And it was the
children's goldfish. Oh, yeah, yeah. And nothing
fancy.
What other topics have we not included? Well,
let's see. I've got two more questions that I can
think of.
I think, you know, I can't think of anything.
Social life, we've, you know, we've had a good
social life, but we've been sort of isolated.
All right, then the next last question then. Let's
make believe that someone walked up to you and gave
you a check for a million dollars that you must pass
on to Texas A&M, but you get to decide the use of the
money. What would you have A&M do? If you could make
a major gift to A&M, what would you want that gift
used for? I would want it to be used in enhancing
distance education because I think that that's, I
think we're going to more and more going to have to
use. develop a system, and it may have to be
something like a movie production system, but I
think that the education, the lecture mode is
going to be there for a long time, but I think we're
going to have to more and more. All right, then the
last question is, what feelings do you carry in
your heart for Texas A&M today? Oh, great. It's
been a nurturing, I mean, I've been very fortunate
to the gift of friends and fellowship in this
community and in this this environment it's just
been for a person I don't deserve the kind of things
that I've gotten at A&M. It's just been, you know, I
should still be working in the gyp mill and being
happy with, you know, making wall board and maybe
having a, you know, being able to go fishing on
weekends and that sort of thing. But my, you know,
it's just been great.